well howdy there Internet people its
bubble again so 45 years ago today Patty
Hearst was kidnapped a lot of people
know that story but they mainly know the
part about her then robbing a bank with
the people who kidnapped her but there's
a lot to that story in order to open
negotiations with the SLA the Hearst
family had to give up two million
dollars and that's normally reported in
the story they had to give up two
million dollars what it isn't normally
reported is that that two million did
not go to the kidnappers it was to be
turned into food and distributed to the
needy when her grandfather died he was
worth adjusted for inflation about
thirty billion dollars in today's money
that two million is worth almost eleven
million ten point eight million so why
am i bringing all this up other than it
her kidnapping happened today forty five
years ago because the conversation still
happening it's been 45 years and
nothing's changed the question is still
arising is it moral to be a billionaire
in this society now when we talk about
this it gets confusing because the
numbers are so big we can't wrap our
heads around it I mean it's just insane
when you're talking about billions upon
billions of dollars that is in the hands
of this ultra wealthy 1% so we're gonna
do it in different way we're gonna take
one dude and we're yeah we're gonna use
Bezos a guy from Amazon because he's uh
he's at the top you know he he's at the
top of the list this year now according
to Business Insider he earns seventy
eight and a half billion dollars this
year last year as a lot of money
so much we don't know what it means now
the other thing we do need to point out
when we're talking about this is that he
doesn't actually have seventy eight and
a half billion dollars like chillin in
some Scrooge McDuck he involved some
winner a lot of that's on paper it's the
value of his company and so on and so
forth but we're not talking about all of
the ultra-wealthy either come on one guy
so let's say that one guy decided to do
something more decided to do something
good and this is the guy from Amazon
he's not gonna settle for anything small
he's gonna do something amazing so uh
he's gonna talk to his ultra wealthy
buddies and they're gonna end
homelessness across the United States no
more homeless people and to top it off
they're gonna give each one of the five
hundred fifteen thousand homeless people
two hundred dollars a week to cover
incidentals so
how much money is he gonna have to
borrow to get that not these I have to
call anybody
the cost to end homelessness in the u.s.
is estimated to be a little bit more
than twenty billion dollars to give $200
a week to that 550,000 homeless people
it's gonna be 5.7 billion dollars so he
could end homelessness and give every
homeless person in the country $200 a
week for a year and it would take him
from 78 billion dollars down to about 50
crazy one guy one guy so then the
question becomes is it moral to tax them
at a higher rate well that's up to you
to decide really now I personally like
the idea of just destroying the company
and if somebody if it's not socially
responsible just stop shopping with them
but that's not always possible in a lot
of these situations a lot of these
companies don't rely on consumers for
money
his does but most don't so one guy can
end homelessness and give them $200 a
week it's crazy
it's insane when you actually put it
into numbers that is an insane amount of
inequality and question is as that
income inequality grows when does it
become self-defense when does it become
moral to act the system as it is is
turning the working class into the
working poor and millionaires into
billionaires
they're paying the lowest wages they can
get away with and reaping the profits
you know there was nothing more telling
than me there was nothing like a let
there eat let them eat cake moment in
modern history more so than the Commerce
Secretary saying that he doesn't
understand why furloughed federal
employees were going to food banks
because you know well their jobs are
federally protected they should just
borrow the money they should charge it
and pay 18% interest because the federal
government can't get their act together
that is the entitled nature of the
wealthy in the United States now so the
thing is the 70% tax that's being
proposed and stuff like that that's
nothing
that's nothing because we're reaching
that critical point where it's not gonna
be solved with taxes you know when
people get hungry and people get
desperate they act moral or not they act
the ultra-wealthy probably need to
remember that we still know where the
pitchforks are and if things don't
change those pitchforks are coming
anyway it's just a fault
y'all don't have a good night